README.md, before:

# react-redux-provide-theme

[![build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/loggur/react-redux-provide-theme/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/loggur/react-redux-provide-theme) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-redux-provide-theme.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-redux-provide-theme)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-redux-provide-theme.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-redux-provide-theme)

Provides themes as classes created by JSS to React components.


## Installation

```
npm install react-redux-provide-theme --save
```


## Usage

> **Note:**  This will only work clientside at the moment.  Server rendering coming soon!

This provides React components with interchangeable themes and automatically namespaced classNames via the following `propTypes`:

- `setTheme (Object theme)` - at a minimum, the `theme` object should contain a `styles` object; each key within `theme.styles` will be automatically namespaced and added to your app's stylesheet (which is also automatically generated) by [`jss`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss); you can then obtain the namespaced classNames via the reduced `classes` prop

Your components may also be provided the following reduced props:

- `theme` - contains the entire theme object; nice to have if your app depends on custom properties (e.g., icons, images, boolean values, etc.) within the current theme
- `classes` - the namespaced classNames automatically generated by [`jss`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss); these classNames are derived from the `theme.styles` object

**Note:**  [`jss`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss) is designed to be extensible via plugins.  As a convenience, the following plugins are used by default, mainly to allow your theme's styles to work similarly to React's inline styles:

- [`jss-extend`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-extend)
- [`jss-nested`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-nested)
- [`jss-camel-case`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-camel-case)
- [`jss-px`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-px)
- [`jss-vendor-prefixer`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-vendor-prefixer)
- [`jss-props-sort`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-props-sort)


## Example

See [`bloggur`](https://github.com/loggur/bloggur) and [`bloggur-theme-dark`](https://github.com/loggur/bloggur-theme-dark).  **Protip:**  You can include images with your theme's bundle!  It's also good practice to use vector formats (e.g., `svg` files) where possible.

Commit message:

add font loader and globalStyles functionality

README.md, after:

# react-redux-provide-theme

[![build status](https://img.shields.io/travis/loggur/react-redux-provide-theme/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/loggur/react-redux-provide-theme) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-redux-provide-theme.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-redux-provide-theme)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-redux-provide-theme.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-redux-provide-theme)

Provides themes as classes created by JSS to React components.


## Installation

```
npm install react-redux-provide-theme --save
```


## Usage

> **Note:**  This will only work clientside at the moment.  Server rendering coming soon!

This provides React components with interchangeable themes and automatically namespaced classNames via the following `propTypes`:

- `setTheme (Object theme)` - the `theme` object may contain any combination of the following, plus any other properties you deem necessary:
  - `styles` object - each key within this object will be automatically namespaced and added to your app's stylesheet by [`jss`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss); you can then obtain the namespaced classNames via the reduced `classes` prop
  - `globalStyles` object - useful when you need to specify global styles; e.g., `body`, `button`, etc.
  - `font` object - as a convenience, this provider uses [`WebFontLoader`](https://github.com/typekit/webfontloader) to automatically load fonts as necessary depending on your theme; this object is the font configuration object passed to the `WebFont.load` function

Your components may also be provided the following reduced props:

- `theme` - contains the entire theme object; nice to have if your app depends on custom properties (e.g., icons, images, boolean values, etc.) within the current theme
- `classes` - the namespaced classNames automatically generated by [`jss`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss); these classNames are derived from the `theme.styles` object
- `sheet` - the [`jss`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss) sheet based on your `theme.styles`; you should rarely access this directly, as it's automatically attached/detached when setting the theme
- `globalSheet` - the [`jss`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss) sheet based on your `theme.globalStyles`; you should rarely access this directly, as it's automatically attached/detached when setting the theme

A couple of notes:

1.  Upon initializing the store, if you've supplied a `theme` with your provider's `initialState`, `setTheme` is automatically called which can be used to properly initialize the state of any other providers who make use of this provider's `USE_THEME` action type.

2.  [`jss`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss) is designed to be extensible via plugins.  As a convenience, the following plugins are used by default, mainly to allow your theme's styles to work similarly to React's inline styles:
  - [`jss-extend`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-extend)
  - [`jss-nested`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-nested)
  - [`jss-camel-case`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-camel-case)
  - [`jss-px`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-px)
  - [`jss-vendor-prefixer`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-vendor-prefixer)
  - [`jss-props-sort`](https://github.com/jsstyles/jss-props-sort)


## Example

See [`bloggur`](https://github.com/loggur/bloggur) and [`bloggur-theme-dark`](https://github.com/loggur/bloggur-theme-dark).  **Protip:**  You can include images with your theme's bundle!  It's also good practice to use vector formats (e.g., `svg` files) where possible.
